Intro: 

I’m Vaishnav, currently working as a full-stack developer with xxxx. I have about 8 years of professional experience in developing enterprise software applications including testing, maintenance, 
and production support and currently working on an application in the financial domain. As a full-stack developer, I have worked with front-end technologies like - React, Angular, HTML, CSS, JS, redux, axios, bootstrap, jquery, 
then backend technologies like - Java8, J2EE, REST, Spring, Springboot, JPA, Hibernate. I have dealt with both relational and non relational databases like MySQL, oracle, and DynamoDB. 
I have deployed the applications in AWS and used its services like EC2, S3, lambda, ECR, ECS, cloudformation etc. I’ve also used package management tools, build tools, CI/Cd tools 
such as node, npm, maven, jest, cypress, selenium , Junit, mockito,  jasmine, karma, Jenkins, CICD tools, Argo CD.

Recent project:
I’m currently working with xxxx on a Client transfer which is an intranet application, which used to facilitate various kinds of money transfer transactions that are ACH, Cheques,
 Wires, Journals. We designed our UI on single page application using Angular and we have separate screens for each type of money transfer transactions that our field officers, 
financial advisors, bank specialists can use. In backend we have microservices for all different kind of transactions and there are hosted on cloud. We used AWS, Relational DB 
which are sequel server DB instances. We also have Redis cache in front of all our DBs which handle all our read operations. 
We have separate DB instances for all read and write operations. And all the microservices which are hosted on AWS are hosted on auto scaling group, 
each microservices have their own scaling policies which are auto scaling group policies (JSON policies) to scale in and scale out instances. 
Coming to technical stack, we used Java, we have microservices/API/webservices with Java/OracleDB/MySQLDB/MSDB/NoSQLDB/ProcedureDB 
we write the query to fetch the data from database and we do necessary manipulations in API, and we send data to UI as a JSON. 
 We connect to the DB using Hiberate(ORM)/JDBC. Coming to UI, I also been part of UI development, we use Angular/React as a front-end technology to develop 
a web app or single page application. We consume API response from the backend and update the UI respectively. We used Agile methodology to implement the project with each 
sprint being two weeks. Used Jira as the project management tool.



              
